Semantic implementation section (#71)
chhoumann/p4: Report/sections/3_implementation/scope_and_type_checking.tex

If this is the case and the dictionary does not already contain a key with the \textbf{GameObject's} identifier, we add it to the top symbol table dictionary for member access later. This can be seen on lines \ref{line:BeginTopScopeCheck} through \ref{line:EndTopScopeCheck}.
Afterwards, the new scope is pushed onto the \textbf{EnvironmentStack}. 
Finally, at the end of the method, the current scope is updated to be the new scope such that the implementing class can use it for type checking. 

As the name implies, the method \texttt{CloseScope} closes the scope by setting the current scope to the parent of the current scope. 

The class \textbf{TypeChecker} implements this abstract class. \textbf{TypeChecker} then has access to the methods \texttt{OpenScope} and \texttt{CloseScope}. It also implements the visitor methods that are responsible for traversing the AST to perform both scope and type checking.

> As mentioned previously, once the \texttt{PerformSemanticAnalysis(ast)} shown in \snipref{lst:RunMethodSecond} is called, scope checking and type checking begins by visiting the AST. The first step in this visitor sequence is to create a new TypeChecker and call the \texttt{Visit} method for every \textbf{GameObject}, such that the entire AST gets visited to handle scope and type checking - Recall that \textbf{GameObject} represents the root of every subtree in the overall AST. The code for this can be seen in \snipref{lst:TypeCheckEachGO}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned previously, once the \texttt{PerformSemanticAnalysis(ast)} shown in \snipref{lst:RunMethodSecond} is called, scope checking and type checking begins by visiting the AST. The first step in this visitor sequence is to create a new TypeChecker and call the \texttt{Visit} method for every \textbf{GameObject}, such that the entire AST gets visited to handle scope and type checking. The code for this can be seen in \snipref{lst:TypeCheckEachGO}.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As mentioned previously, once the \texttt{PerformSemanticAnalysis(ast)} shown in \snipref{lst:RunMethodSecond} is called, scope checking and type checking begins by visiting the AST. The first step in this visitor sequence is to create a new TypeChecker and call the \texttt{Visit} method for every \textbf{GameObject}, such that the entire AST gets visited to handle scope and type checking. The reason for visiting each \textbf{GameObject} is that they represents the root of every subtree in the overall AST. The code for this can be seen in \snipref{lst:TypeCheckEachGO}.
```
